Emotions are mental states brought on by neurophysiological changes, variously associated with thoughts, feelings, behavioral responses, 
and a degree of pleasure or displeasure. collage provides hostels facilities,playground,labs equipped with high and system. 
Collage provides scholorship to the students who scores high percentage and there even scholorship exams which inerested students can attend. 
Our collage recieves only 250 students admission every year. 
BSc,BCA, BUSINESS MANAGEMENT,LITERATURE,RESEARCH some other departments are available. 
Prof.Sunil Vernekar(BE) is the pricipal of KLEs BCA. 
Visit our campus or contact: +919538826203 for more details. 
Avarage class strength per division is 60 students. 
The collage has well established hostels for boys and girls for catering the residential requirement of the students who take the admission from different parts of the karnataka and neighbhoring states to continue their education comfotably.  
For Boys Hostel facilities are 36rooms, 72capacity,average occupancy is 67. 
For Girls Hostel 92rooms,276capacity,average occupancy is 289. 
For PG programme, a minimum of 60% in previous qualifying examination is required. 
Whenever the number of application recieved is less or on-par with the intake,the admission is based on 'first-come-first-serve' basis,whenever demand is more ,it follows the merit cum reservation.
106 students got selected for wipro, for WILP candidate the inhand salary is around 15k for first year along with mtech fecility.
63 students got selected for TCS, TCS Graduate Trainee salary in india is 2Lakhs for less than 1 year of experience,Graduate Trainee salary at TCS ranges between 2lakhs to 3lakhs. 
10 students got selected for E&Y, Ernst & Young Associste Analyst salary in india is 5Lakhs for less than 1 to 5 years of experience.
4 students got selected for CSS CROP, Salary for this company is 3Lakhs/annum. 
12 students got selected for Atos syntel, Salary for this company is 3Lakhs and jobe role is Associate consultant.
86 students got selected for Cognizant, Cognizant Trainee Programmer salary in India is ₹ 2.5 Lakhs for less than 1 year of experience. Trainee Programmer salary at Cognizant ranges between ₹ 2.3 Lakhs to ₹ 2.6 Lakhs. 
14 students got selected for Mphasis, Mphasis Associate Software Engineer salary in India is ₹ 3.7 Lakhs for less than 1 to 3 years of experience. 
18 students got selected for Accenture, Freshers salary for Accenture is 3.34 LPA, Job role for accenture is System and Application Services Associate.
37 students got selected for Mindtree, MindTree currently offers trainees an annual salary of Rs 3.2 lakh (roughly Rs 26,700 per month) or Rs 4.8 lakh for 18 months.
18 students got selected for NTTData, NTT DATA Fresher salary in India is ₹ 2.7 Lakhs per year for employees with less than 1 year of experience.
54 students got selected for Deloitte, Deloitte Associate Analyst salary in India is ₹ 3.8 Lakhs for less than 1 to 3 years of experience. Associate Analyst salary at Deloitte ranges between ₹ 3.2 Lakhs to ₹ 5 Lakhs.
Total number of placement rate is 176 students got selected out of 240.
Test, Examination and Evaluation are carefully planned and executed in a transparent manner and Result displayed in college website.
The Calendar of Events for Continuous Internal Assessment and Semester End Examination is prepared carefully at the beginning of each semester and displayed on the notice board. The same is informed to the students at the time of induction program at the beginning of the Academic Year.
Examination system involves two components for both Theory and Practical. Continuous Internal Assessment 30% weightage for each and Semester End Examination 70%. Components of Theory Internal Test- 30 Marks1st announced tests : 10 marks (8th week) 2nd (Surprise) test: 10 marks (3th week)Skill development : 10 marks (Seminar/ GD/Quiz/Viva/Field Study/Project)
Components of Practical Internal Tests: 15/30 Marks
Assessment of all regular practicals : 5/10 marks
One Internal practical test of 4 hour : 10/20 marks.
Candidates having fulfilled 75% attendance can fill the examination form by paying prescribed fees.10% attendance is condoned for valid reasons.Candidates are assigned alpha numerical registration number for UG course Candidates of PG course are assigned alpha numerical registration number of 9 digits.These registration numbers remain same for the candidate until the completion of the course for a stipulated period.
Conduct of Semester End Examinations:
Theory	Practical
Odd Semesters	UG	Nov./Dec.	Before / After the Semester end Examination
PG	Dec./Jan.	Before / After the Semester end Examination
Even Semesters	UG	April/May	  Before / After the Semester end Examination
PG	June/July	  Before / After the Semester end Examination.
Examination Structure
UG - B.C.A. Semester Course:
Examination	SEE Marks	IA Marks	Aggregate Marks for
Passing
Maximum	Minimum	Maximim	Minimum	Maximum	Minimum
Theory Papers	70	28	30	-	100	40
Project and Viva-Voce(VI Sem)	300	150	-	-	300	150.
Examination Process
• Notification for admission in leading news papers and college website
• PG brochures are displayed on the notice board of the neighboring colleges
• Counselling students and parents for choice of course and combinations
• Issue of brochure and application forms
• Submission of duly filled application forms as well as online submission of admission
application forms is followed from the academic year 2017-18 as per the Government order Scrutiny of application forms by admission committee
• For PG programme, a minimum of 55% in previous qualifying examination is required
• Whenever the number of applications received is less or on-par with the intake, the admission is based on ‘first-come-first-serve’ basis. Whenever the demand is more, it follows the merit cum reservation
• Display of selected candidates based on merit, reservation, quota under sports, NCC, NSS and others
• Payment of prescribed fees through the Banks; provision of installments facility to pay fees for self financed courses.
Contact
College Payment detials : (Name : P.C. Jabin Science College
Location : Vidyanagar
City : Hubli
State : Karnataka
Country : India
Contact No : 0836 - 2372285
Contact Email : jabincollege@gmail.com.)





